what happens when the world stops using
the US dollar you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you we
are looking at those developments taking
place right now overwhelmingly the US
dollar is the reserve currency of the
world but that number is dropping and
now we've accelerated that pace what
they call the global South which is
essentially all of these developing
economies you've got China right in the
center of this they are starting to make
some changes right now I'm going to
bring that to you understand the
implications here when we have the US
dollar as the single Reserve currency
everybody's using it to trade that means
there's this demand this constant pull
at the US dollar which allows the us to
do certain things that other countries
can't especially when you make an
agreement between Saudi Arabia and the
United States and say you got to price
all your oil no matter who you are
selling this to in in US dollars they
call it the petrol dollar this has been
in agreement for many many decades and
then something happened we have these
new developments and that means your
life is about to drastically change I'm
going to show you why today look at what
has happened here and of course this is
in addition to all of the other videos
that I've done if you're not already
subscribed then of course please join us
you could see the bricks UAE the United
Arab Emirates and China sign currency
Swap and cbdc partnership so we are
going all the way in obviously with the
new bricks you could see that the UAE
has joined in along with other countries
and it is very important to look at
what's happening okay we'll get into
that more but essentially what I'm
talking about here it's not just about
leaving the US dollar and it's not just
about you know
cbdcs or some alliances in general this
is about an entirely new system that's
being developed you know after
1945 there was the New World Order and
of course we had the IMF the World Bank
like all these different supranational
entities came about what was very clear
was that the US was the center of it all
they were the center of all of these and
maybe in many cases they were funding a
lot of that but they were at the middle
they were the nucleus of this time has
changed and many of these countries
around the world are saying we don't
want that anymore and so you can see
that very clearly with China right I'm
sure you've seen it yourself looking at
the new developments of course it starts
to explain what we are about to see and
you know all these central banks all
these countries they're going for this
cbdc they want the ability to turn the
money on and off at a moment's knowest
and so that allows them to do this and
certainly we are witnessing these
central banks engaging with each other
and saying hey let's do this like beta
test let's make this happen it's a pilot
project this is not the only one and so
we'll see a little bit of that here but
the currency swaps as well so no longer
are we seeing entirely US dollar based
you know actions taking place no no no
now we're starting to see a lot of
countries doing business within their
own currencies and that means that while
we're not heading for the exits on the
US dollar overnight this trend has
accelerated all right Saudi Arabia being
one that we must focus on as well Saudi
Arabia offers Iran investment to blunt
Gaza War kingdoms offer hinges on Iran
reigning in its Regional proxies Riad is
also working with the US and Arab allies
to contain Iran so imagine this you have
Saudi Arabia you have in some cases
China sitting at the middle of these
different conflicts and becoming
Peacekeeper in a sense you would have
never heard of this just a couple years
ago like just a few years ago these two
things would have potentially never
happened and now today many instances of
this have popped up the world is
different and it's happening
before like I'm in this kneed deep in
this on a daily basis at least four
hours a day and let me tell you I've
read all the history we haven't seen
these type of things moving at this
speed ever pretty much Saudi wealth fund
Scoops up 10% of London Heathrow Airport
and so what I find interesting about
this is that and by the way it it had
got that from the Spanish infrastructure
Giant from fovial but what I think is
important to note is that you've got
Saudi Arabia going out and just
purchasing anything it can outside of
oil and they're trying to diversify
they're building all kinds I'll show you
in a second here um but it tells you
something that this is not the world
that we lived in a few years ago 10
years ago 20 years ago so we got to wake
up and realize is our current portfolio
is mean where we live is our current
positioning where we should be or do we
need to make some changes and that's my
message to you I'm not your financial
adviser but if you were my friend I
would be talking to you in this way if
you were part of the you know the
mentorship group the finance Friday
group I would be talking to you this way
because I can get real with you here not
so much but you can always reach out to
me and that's my message get your
situation in order look at this you
could see this vast man-made mountain
with uh luxur luxury hotel and
apartments in latest neon Mega project
um just basically what they're doing all
the kinds of things they've started the
development on this it connects in with
the trillion dooll quote unquote Utopia
in the desert um they're trying to build
this skyscraper but it's turned sideways
and or is it not I mean this just odd
but anyway um they want to do this
why what's going on all the Shipping
Lines the infrastructure is being set up
for something very different I have this
to show you and just really quickly it
says China has acquired a Global Network
of vital ports and so we move around
here and it's just showing us you know
the the exact ports don't matter but
they're doing this over and over and
over and over again buying up
infrastructure in other countries the
global South is doing this the bricks
also have this on their own and
so for me this tells a very big story of
what's to come watch your positioning
watch where you are and remember to do
the things you need to do
beforehand not after it's too late that
is so important okay look we got to be
real we have to be honest and realize
that things have have really changed
they have really changed and we just
want to be aware of that okay um this is
another one just showing scientists in
Abu Dhabi harness heat resilient farming
technology very interesting video uh
links will be in the description on the
sources I found it to be interesting
they cover two different things in this
one video basically how do you grow like
one of the biggest things about these
places is you don't have enough rain you
have barely any rain in fact and and so
um what they were able to do in these
circumstances was use like a greenhouse
but a special type of instead of using
you know uh polyethylene type plastic
they use a different type reduced the
water consumption reduced like
everything made it much more efficient a
lot cooler so you don't have to use as
much water and they were able to do very
well with a bunch of different crops all
in testing anyway the point is they're
doing all of these
developments and we look at our country
sometimes and it looks like you know
just degrading in some many ways and
this is the trend we got to be careful
what we're walking ourselves into is a
collapse and other countries may take
the lead and it's not just about oh
we'll you know we'll start a war we'll
put some troops there or what have you
there's so many different things going
on this is not a good Trend that's what
I'm trying to say so watch where uh
you're at right now if you want to be
able to get your you know all the
different stocks and things that people
are like what do I do with the situation
well Seeking Alpha provides you with a
lot like anything that's happening in
the news you're going to go around
you're going to see the Seeking Alpha
articles that are written about it I've
gotten uh good reviews of this so far
for the other people have joined this is
what the premium uh login looks like the
link will be in the description so when
you come in here you'll see the trending
news you'll see the different analysis
that's available to you and this is not
the stuff on the free website okay this
is paid so you come behind the firewall
and you get actual good stuff Michael
gayed who I interviewed is one of the
writers on here anyway when when news
comes up you get the Articles you get
the analysis you get Quant every like
all kinds of different levels of that
check the link in the description by the
time you're watching this video whatever
this current sale is they might have the
Black Friday sale still going so
definitely click the link in the
description to uh check check it out for
yourself okay and then the comment of
the day last thing last thing I want to
thank you for that the cuts talking
about interest rate cuts are front
running what's in store for major world
economies oh this is the OPEC Cuts okay
OPEC Cuts we're talking about here oil
producers are making sure that they're
not overproducing for what world the
world's demand will be in the future
they are essentially covering their
assets uh in my opinion no major spike
is going to happen so what he's saying
basically Al is that we are going for a
deflation and that's the question is it
deflation or inflation not necessarily
with oil but in general where do you
think we're headed I want to thank you
for being here today hit that Thumbs Up
Button if you appreciate this
information I'm trying to get into a
wild world deeper looking out into the
future not one step but two steps out so
that we could be able to see where we
need to be I hope you appreciate that
and of course as always I want to see
you here tomorrow make sure you search
for the money GPS cuz I probably won't
end up in your feet I want to see you
here I'll see you then take care